TASK 1:

Network 1: This seems to be a poisson distribution since we can see that most nodes have
the same degree. The bump in the degree distribution in a log-log graph shows that. 
Average degree seems to be 10 since that's the middle of the bump. There seems to be 
cutoffs at degree 3 and 21.

Network 2: Also seems to be a poisson distribution, same as above. Also average degree of 10.

Network 3: This is a scale-free network since the degree distribution is (sort of) a straight
line in a log-log graph. This seems to break down at higher degrees. Line has a tilt of -2, 
this means it has a degree of 2.

Network 4: This is a star graph. The line has a tilt of -1 so the degree is 1. It seems there are only nodes
of degree 1 and 500. Maybe its one node with 500 neighbors that are leafs, that would explain
why the clustering coefficient is 0.

Network 5: There is no degree distribution, this must be something else. Maybe a regular graph.

Network 6: There is also no degree distribution, but the clustering coefficient is 1. This 
could be a complete graph of degree 49.

Network 7: This seems to be a scale-free network and the tilt seems to be -1.33.

Network 8: This looks like a poisson network due to the bump in the degree graph.


TASK 2:

The sampling is not quite uniform. The first node is chosen at random, then a random neighbor of
that node is chosen, so more popular nodes have a higher chance at being picked since they are
more likely to be someone's neighbor. 83% of the edges are positive and roughly 17% are negative.
The structural balance seems to hold for this network since almost all of the sampled triangles
are strongly balanced.

TASK 3:

a) The effective diameter of the network before rewiring is 224.75 and 6.6 after rewiring.
b) The effective diameter of the Watts-Strogatz network is 44.5 and 6.6 after rewiring.
c) The effective diameter of the second Watts-Strogatz network is 11.6 and 6.6 after rewiring.
d) The effective diameter of the scale-free network is 4.58 and 4.63 after rewiring.
e) The effective diameter of the amazon network is 10.7 and 6.7 after rewiring.

Increase node count 100 times:
a) The effective diameter of the network before rewiring is 22500 and 10.75 after rewiring.
b) The effective diameter of the Watts-Strogatz network is 85.8 and 10.7 after rewiring.
c) The effective diameter of the second Watts-Strogatz network is 18.6 and 10.6 after rewiring.
d) The effective diameter of the scale-free network is 4.73 and 4.68 after rewiring.

c and d seem to have the small world property and b seems to aquire it with rewirings. In the
case of the scale-free network (d) this can be explained by the existance of hubs, i.e
power laws. In the case of b and c, they are Watts-Strogatz networks which always produce
small-world networks. The amazon network seems to be a small-world which seems reasonable
since there exists "hubs" in that network.

TASK 4:

The dataset is slightly assortative before rewiring, but is then neutral after the random
rewiring. The poisson network is neutral both before and after the rewiring.

TASK 5:

I think the blocks of black and white represents groupings of votes, so when put into
gephi there should be two distinct groupings. When put into gephi the two groups are
clearly distinct even though there is no ground truth, as expected.

The groupings in the cancer data fits well with the ground truth, they are clearly
seperated by color. Though some of the groups are less distinct from each other.
